So now let's talk about
AWS Migration Evaluator,
which is a service to help you build a data-driven
business case for migrations to AWS.
So the idea is that you wanna migrate,
and first you need to get the clear
baseline of what your organization is running today,
so you know your workloads.
And so therefore, you install the Agentless Collector
to conduct a broad-based discovery
of all your infrastructure.
And then you're going to take a snapshot
of your on-premises footprint,
your server dependencies, and so on.
And you will analyze your current state,
you will define the target state in AWS,
and then develop a migration plan.
So to summarize, you can install a Collector,
and that will gather data for you.
Or you can use the data import feature,
and there is a tool, and there is a template.
And what you can do is that you can
shape the data you have into this template,
and these sources of data will allow you
to run the Migration Evaluator Service,
which is going to give you quick insights
to understand your customized cost insights,
and to make sure that your migration can be cost efficient
and also good for your business.
And therefore, you will have a good business case.
And if you need to, you can even get expert guidance
on your business case from AWS.
So that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.